(audience applauds)
- Ready on camera three
and take camera three.
- Well, thank you Topo Gigio.
And now right here on our
stage, BJ and the Affordables.
(audience cheers)
(audience applauds)
(upbeat rock music)
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Listen boy ♪
♪ I don't wanna see you let
a good thing slip away ♪
♪ Slip away ♪
♪ You know, I don't like watching ♪
♪ Anybody make the same mistakes I made ♪
♪ She's a real nice girl ♪
♪ And she's always there for you ♪
♪ But a nice girl wouldn't
tell you what you should do ♪
♪ Oh, listen boy ♪
♪ I'm sure that you think you
got it all under control ♪
♪ You don't want somebody tellin' you ♪
♪ The way to stay in someone's soul ♪
♪ You're a big boy now ♪
♪ And you'll never let her go ♪
♪ You know, you'll never let her go ♪
♪ But that's just the kind of thing ♪
♪ She ought to know ♪
♪ Tell her about it ♪
♪ Tell her everything you feel ♪
♪ Give her every reason to accept ♪
♪ That you're for real ♪
♪ Tell her about it ♪
♪ Tell her all your crazy dreams ♪
♪ Let her know you need her ♪
♪ Let her know how much she means ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Listen boy ♪
♪ It's not automatically
a certain guarantee ♪
♪ Certain guarantee ♪
♪ To insure yourself ♪
♪ You've got to provide
communication constantly ♪
♪ When you love someone ♪
♪ You're always insecure ♪
♪ And there's only one
good way to reassure ♪
♪ Tell her about it ♪
♪ Let her know how much you care ♪
♪ When she can't be with you ♪
♪ Tell her you wish you were there ♪
♪ Tell her about it ♪
♪ Every day before you leave ♪
♪ Pay her some attention ♪
♪ Give her something to believe ♪
♪ 'Cause now and then ♪
♪ She'll get to worrying ♪
♪ Just because you haven't
spoken for so long ♪
♪ And though you may
not have done anything ♪
♪ Will that be a consolation
when she's gone ♪
♪ Listen boy ♪
It's good information from
a man who's made mistakes
♪ Just a word or two
that she gets from you ♪
♪ Could be the difference that it makes ♪
♪ She's a trusting soul ♪
♪ She's put her trust in you ♪
♪ You know, she put her trust in you ♪
♪ But a girl like that won't tell you ♪
♪ What you should do ♪
♪ Tell her about it ♪
♪ Tell her everything you feel ♪
♪ Give her every reason ♪
♪ To accept that you're for real ♪
♪ Tell her about it ♪
♪ Tell her all your crazy dreams ♪
♪ Let her know you need her ♪
♪ Let her know how much she means ♪
♪ Tell her about it ♪
♪ Tell her how you feel right now ♪
♪ Just tell her about it ♪
♪ The girl don't want to wait too long ♪
♪ You got to tell her about it ♪
♪ Tell her now and you won't go wrong ♪
♪ Before it gets too late ♪
♪ You got to tell her about it ♪
- Not bad, not bad. Yeah.
(audience cheering)
(audience applauding)
Yeah, thanks for warmin' 'em up for me.
- That was Mr. William Joel.
Now right here on our stage,
the fabulous, the wonderful,
the fantastic Petruska the Dancing Bear.
(audience cheers)
(audience applauds)